README.md, before:

# Raspberry Pi Weather Project: Local Weather and Time

This is the core program enabling the local weather and date and time
to be read for a location and parsed. This is intended to provide
the base data to then be graphically displayed on a RPi 3" LCD screen,
which will (may) be executed in a separate module.

## Getting Started

Simply download this file to your computer and then open in your Python IDE of choice. Please note that this will only run on Python 3.

### Prerequisites

1. Python 3

2. an API key from [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/api) for the location you want the local weather. Sign up for a free account and follow the directions to get your desired API key.

### Installing

See "Getting Started" and "Prerequisites"

## Built With

* [Atom](https://atom.io/) - The editor used
* [Raspberry Pi 3](https://www.raspberrypi.org/) - The platform designed for
* [MacBook Pro 13 inch](https://www.apple.com/) - The platform coded on

## Contributing

Nil

## Versioning

[SemVer](http://semver.org/) is used for versioning.

## Author(s)

* **Initial Work** - [Jason Karle](https://github.com/JasonKarle)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* The many open sources of information, instruction, and guidance online!

Commit message:

added link to the wiki

README.md, after:

# Raspberry Pi Weather Project: Local Weather and Time

This is the core program enabling the local weather and date and time
to be read for a location and parsed. This is intended to provide
the base data to then be graphically displayed on a RPi 3" LCD screen,
which will (may) be executed in a separate module.

## Getting Started

Simply download this file to your computer and then open in your Python IDE of choice. Please note that this will only run on Python 3.

More instructions and details will be available in the future on the [RPi_Weather Wiki](https://github.com/JasonKarle/rpi_weather/wiki)

### Prerequisites

1. Python 3

2. an API key from [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/api) for the location you want the local weather. Sign up for a free account and follow the directions to get your desired API key.

### Installing

See "Getting Started" and "Prerequisites"

## Built With

* [Atom](https://atom.io/) - The editor used
* [Raspberry Pi 3](https://www.raspberrypi.org/) - The platform designed for
* [MacBook Pro 13 inch](https://www.apple.com/) - The platform coded on

## Contributing

Nil

## Versioning

[SemVer](http://semver.org/) is used for versioning.

## Author(s)

* **Initial Work** - [Jason Karle](https://github.com/JasonKarle)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* The many open sources of information, instruction, and guidance online!
